# Project Title

An repo for auto mqtt  message send and request from SupOS platform

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:
- You have installed Python 3.6 or above.
- You have basic understanding of Python scripting.
- Additional dependencies (if any), e.g., `paho-mqtt`, should be installed. You can install them using:

```bash
pip install paho-mqtt
```
Files Description
script1.py - This script is responsible for fetching data and writing it to a CSV file. It periodically fetches data from a specified endpoint and logs it.
script2.py - This script handles publishing data to an MQTT broker. It reads from the CSV file generated by script1 and publishes the data.
Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps:

Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/freezonex/mqttauto
```

Ensure you are in the root directory of the project.
Run the launcher script:
```bash
python start.py
```
This will start both yibu.py and mqttsend.py in separate threads, allowing them to operate concurrently without waiting for each other to complete.

Contributing
Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

Fork the Project
Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature)
Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
Push to the Branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature)
Open a Pull Request
License
Distributed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information.

